dream
Then I'll let you stay here until the first day
Come and stay and take it away
If you can bring the speech
Even if you work part-time
Sir, I'll try again.
Gangnam, I'm here to apologize to you
Can you forgive me? I didn't blame you.
Don't mention it again
When do you play?
Next week.
Lin Wenli News has checked the matter clearly
He will move on to the next step normally
At the UFC Intermediate Fighting Championship on April 14th
I'll have a fair fight with him
What? Lin Wenli actually participated in the competition?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I also want to ask you
Why did you frame Lin Wenli to accompany him to the competition?
I'm not doing it for you, okay?
Just say it's for me
Just go.
Before anyone else finds out
I can go
But don't you want to know where Liu Wenli is?